c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\bin\Debug\FourthDay.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\bin\Debug\FourthDay.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\bin\Debug\FourthDay.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\FourthDay.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\EmployeesWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\FourthDay_Content.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\FourthDay_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\FourthDay_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\EmployeesWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\FourthDay.g.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\FourthDay.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\FourthDay.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\FourthDay.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\FourthDay.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewEmployeeWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewEmployeeWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\JoinEmployeesToGroupWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\JoinEmployeesToGroupWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\CarriagesWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\CarriagesWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewCarriagesWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewCarriagesWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewRepairWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\RepairWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewRepairWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\RepairWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\EndRepairRegistrationWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\EndRepairRegistrationWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\bin\Debug\FourthDay.exe.config
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\FourthDay.exe
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\FourthDay.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\bin\Debug\FourthDay.exe
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\bin\Debug\FourthDay.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\FourthDay.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewCarriagesWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewEmployeeWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewRepairWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\CarriagesWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\EmployeesWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\EndRepairRegistrationWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\JoinEmployeesToGroupWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\RepairWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\FourthDay_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\FourthDay_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\FourthDay_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewCarriagesWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewEmployeeWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewRepairWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\CarriagesWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\EmployeesWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\EndRepairRegistrationWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\JoinEmployeesToGroupWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\RepairWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\FourthDay.g.resources
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\FourthDay.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fourth-Day\FourthDay\FourthDay\obj\Debug\FourthDay.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
